core-concepts/brokers/broker-roadmap/tradovate.md, before:

---
description: >-
  Tradovate is a popular broker for trading futures due to their competitive
  margin requirements. Build automated trading strategies using TradersPost on
  top of your Tradovate account.
---

# Tradovate

{% hint style="warning" %}
The Tradovate integration is generally available for all TradersPost customers. Please remember that this integration is in <mark style="color:orange;">**BETA**</mark> and you may experience issues that we have not discovered yet. It is recommended to test with a paper account first. If you have any issues or questions, please email us at [support@traderspost.io](mailto:support@traderspost.io)
{% endhint %}

## Contact Information

Email: [support@tradovate.com](mailto:support@tradovate.com)

Phone: [+1 (844) 283-3100](tel:18442833100)

## Supported Asset Classes

* Futures

## Limitations

The TradersPost + Tradovate integration currently does not support market data so we are not able to fetch quotes. This means we have the following limitations:

### Limit orders without a price in the signal

This means you are required to send a price in your signal since we aren't able to fetch quotes. In the following example, since we are entering with a market order and we don't know what price you will be filled at, we will use the `signalPrice` to calculate the limit order limit price of `$18600`.

{% hint style="warning" %}
If limit orders are configured and the signal does not have a price, then a market order will be submitted.
{% endhint %}

```json
{
    "ticker": "MNQ",
    "action": "buy",
    "orderType": "market",
    "signalPrice": 18500,
    "takeProfit": {
        "amount": 100
    }
}
```

And if you are using limit orders, then the entry limit price will be used to calculate the take profit limit price. In this example, a take profit limit order will be calculated with a limit price of `$18600`.

```json
{
    "ticker": "MNQ",
    "action": "buy",
    "orderType": "limit",
    "limitPrice": 18500,
    "takeProfit": {
        "amount": 100
    }
}
```

### No Profit & Loss or current price data on open positions.

Since we aren't able to use your market data or fetch quotes, we aren't able to show open position P\&L.

### Is the API Access Add-On Required to use Tradovate?

No, the API Access Add-On that Tradovate charges a monthly subscription for is not required to use TradersPost.

Commit message:

GITBOOK-577: Add note about approving TradersPost when you get 401 Access Denied

core-concepts/brokers/broker-roadmap/tradovate.md, after:

---
description: >-
  Tradovate is a popular broker for trading futures due to their competitive
  margin requirements. Build automated trading strategies using TradersPost on
  top of your Tradovate account.
---

# Tradovate

{% hint style="warning" %}
The Tradovate integration is generally available for all TradersPost customers. Please remember that this integration is in <mark style="color:orange;">**BETA**</mark> and you may experience issues that we have not discovered yet. It is recommended to test with a paper account first. If you have any issues or questions, please email us at [support@traderspost.io](mailto:support@traderspost.io)
{% endhint %}

## Contact Information

Email: [support@tradovate.com](mailto:support@tradovate.com)

Phone: [+1 (844) 283-3100](tel:18442833100)

## Supported Asset Classes

* Futures

## Is the API Access Add-On Required to use Tradovate?

No, the API Access Add-On that Tradovate charges a monthly subscription for is not required to use TradersPost.

## 401 Access Denied

If you get a 401 Access Denied when trying to submit orders to your live account, this is caused by having 2fa enabled. Make sure you have approved TradersPost after connecting to TradersPost. Check your spam/junk/promotions in your email for an email asking you to approve TradersPost.

## Limitations

The TradersPost + Tradovate integration currently does not support market data so we are not able to fetch quotes. This means we have the following limitations:

### Limit orders without a price in the signal

This means you are required to send a price in your signal since we aren't able to fetch quotes. In the following example, since we are entering with a market order and we don't know what price you will be filled at, we will use the `signalPrice` to calculate the limit order limit price of `$18600`.

{% hint style="warning" %}
If limit orders are configured and the signal does not have a price, then a market order will be submitted.
{% endhint %}

```json
{
    "ticker": "MNQ",
    "action": "buy",
    "orderType": "market",
    "signalPrice": 18500,
    "takeProfit": {
        "amount": 100
    }
}
```

And if you are using limit orders, then the entry limit price will be used to calculate the take profit limit price. In this example, a take profit limit order will be calculated with a limit price of `$18600`.

```json
{
    "ticker": "MNQ",
    "action": "buy",
    "orderType": "limit",
    "limitPrice": 18500,
    "takeProfit": {
        "amount": 100
    }
}
```

### No Profit & Loss or current price data on open positions.

Since we aren't able to use your market data or fetch quotes, we aren't able to show open position P\&L.
